Kiara: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I thought that was kind of fitting huh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've been playing with it all day.
Kiara: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely where what's happening and I feel like it's been forever.
Kiara: I know it's been it's been a moment.
Kiara: And I don't know, look tired bored. A lot. Can't really like go anywhere, do anything. I mean, I didn't really do. I never thought I really didn't anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Kiara: Now that like I'm on this. You are like we're all on this quarantine thing and you have to like stay indoors, I realized how much I kind of did get out and do stuff, you know,
Kiara: So it's kind of weird still just being stuck at home, not really being able to go outside and you know you see a lot of people wear masks and, you know, being more clean the never Tempest. So yeah, it's just kind of, I'm kind of done with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's gotten to that point where. All right. Can we just resume life now.
Yeah.
Kiara: Like I have a feeling that it might last way longer than we all think
Kiara: Like, I think it might be
Kiara: Dramatic or whatever. But I feel like it might be for the rest of the year. That's just my feeling, but I hope it's not that long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I mean, there
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are new cases are popping up every day, that's for sure.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's your work going are you still, you're still working.
Yes.
Kiara: So I still work and
Kiara: It's like less and less people are coming in, which is good because we have a lot of, you know, things that we can do without people kind of bothering us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Kiara: We still do have the people that come in and it's like they insist on being seen, or they need paperwork done and you know they just, they need to be in person to do it, I guess so.
Kiara: We get a couple people that they kind of don't think that the doctors are working so they think that they can get stuff faster. I got a lady come in today.
Kiara: She said, I think it was her husband, or her dad, I think it was her husband, she was doing IHS s for him. And I guess she needed to like a paper signed and whatever, and
Kiara: I was like, okay, we'll just give you heads up that we put it in a blue folder and it goes to the doctor, the nurse, you could take up to 20 days.
Kiara: She's like, well, the doctors like do anything back there. And I'm like, Yeah, he is. He's with patients. He's calling them and having, you know, kind of like what we're doing. Like, it's called bvc at the VA, but it's just basically kind of like what we're doing.
Kiara: Well, the last time whenever I brought people working it like they threw it away. And I'm like, they threw it away. And she's like, Yeah, there was a there's two girls sitting up here and
Kiara: You know, I came up and I asked about my paperwork and they said that it was thrown away. And I was like, I highly doubt that, but I just kind of let her say whatever she needed to say, and you know, so, Colonel.
Kiara: Made me kind of irritated, but I still kind of ask the doctor because the doctor that one of the doctors that I work for he's pretty nice about, you know, like, oh, yeah, sure. I'll do it, you know, kind of thing. So I just wanted to ask them, you know,
Kiara: Because there has been times I was like oh yeah I did this. He's like, Oh, you could have just asked me, and I would have just, you know, did it really quick.
Kiara: And the paperwork that the lady had it wasn't really too too much to sound like they had to put out like their diagnosis or the information like that. It was just mostly checking a couple boxes and signing it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Kiara: It was easy stuff.
Kiara: But I still wanted to ask them about it and I
Kiara: Didn't he said that he'll, you know, expedite it basically but
Kiara: You know,
Kiara: Last Saturday.
Kiara: We were out grocery shopping. We really need to food and I got a call from a supervisor, and he's like, hey, just wanted to give you a heads up that
Kiara: They might want you to work in the call center or there, they might want a couple of, you know, you guys to work in a call center and they're looking for people that have experienced and stuff and
Kiara: Before I worked, where I work. Now, I used to work in the call center. So it's both me and then this other girl who we used to work at the call center together and we started almost around the same time. But, you know, we knew each other and
Kiara: So,
Kiara: She literally just started working in our department about two weeks ago. This is I think her second week and
Kiara: Yeah, my supervisor, he basically just said he wanted to give us a heads up, and that they wanted us to
Kiara: Pretty much like write down all of our experiences and send them like a copy of it you know basically like type it out. And they wanted to know about it.
Kiara: And I told my supervisor and phone. I was like, I mean, I can understand what's going on and
Kiara: You know I'm always there to kind of like help and, you know, do whatever needs to be done and stuff, but at the same time, I do not want to do that.
Kiara: I was like, that's the whole reason why I wanted to have a call centers because it's stressing or stressful. It's very depressing. It's just not very good for me, like, oh, like
Kiara: And he knows my situation like with my addiction and he knows a little bit about like my mental health and stuff, not like super details, but he understands you know
Kiara: So I just kind of tone was like, it's just not really good for me mentally. And again, I know I understand, but it might be mandatory. And then I got in on Monday, and I saw the email that they
Kiara: That they sent out and it does say that it's mandatory and it's like all bold and it's like bigger than the other font, like they're really serious about it, seeing like all hands on deck type of stuff and
Kiara: We're supposed to submit it by tomorrow, but I'm just not going to provide the information to them and see what they do. And because
Kiara: I'd rather I guess kind of take the risk and not put any information out then and have somebody contact me or you know say something about it because there are certain things where you know like you can kind of get away with stuff at the VA.
Kiara: Like people just won't do stuff and
Kiara: Nobody there in my department because like when I got in. I, I told everybody about it.
Kiara: Or like asked everybody. And they're like, yeah, screw that. We need doing that. Hell no. I'm not working in the call center is their expectations are way too high. They want all of their calls to be under three minutes. How could you help somebody in three minutes, you can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Kiara: A lot of the veterans that call, only they don't have anybody to talk to you. They sometimes want to tell you a story. Back in the 50s or the 60s or when they were in the war, you know,
Kiara: Yeah, just brush somebody off in three minutes. I understand you have like 50 to 80 people that need to be, you know, need to be, you know, helped, but at the same time. You can't just force somebody that quick and you know you can't just do that so
Kiara: Yeah, I just don't agree with the way that the call center runs and it's just, it's just not good for anybody really
Yeah.
Kiara: So,
Kiara: That's pretty much about work.
How's home.
Kiara: I say it's pretty good.
Kiara: I think it was over the weekend.
Kiara: Or maybe it was before the weekend. I think it was. Yeah, it was before the weekend and my husband.
Kiara: Will say about, like, a week before actually spoke to him. He, he's been like hiding out in the room and just like not really talking to me and just being kind of like really like distant and stuff and
Kiara: I kind of confronted him off like because I think me and you were talking about, like, with his testosterone and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Kiara: Maybe getting it checked out and stuff like that. And I kind of brought it up to him and he's like, why would I do that like basically saying he just didn't want to do it. And I was like,
Kiara: Well, you're acting kind of like, you know, really down and
Kiara: You know, I just want to make sure that you're okay. And I did ask them, because, first, I kind of asked him about it. About getting into software and shot and I just kind of stopped and I didn't really go too far into it. And then I think like a day or two after that I
Kiara: I asked him if he was like depressed and he's like, No, he's like, why would you ask that it was like, because you're always in here in the room. You don't really
Kiara: You know, and I was, I felt like I was doing pretty good because I was like kind of communicating to them. And I told him that I feel like you're just
Kiara: You know, I basically told him, I was like, I feel lonely. I feel like you don't really love me or you don't really care about me. And, you know, like all this you know like
Kiara: I basically just told him, I was like, I just feel like really lonely and distant and like I want you to, you know, be out in the living room with us more. And that's, like, another thing is that
Kiara: Out care about taking you know care of our kids and stuff but I bade him and I sit out in the living room with him and I watches TV shows with our kid and
Kiara: You know, he's just in the room all by himself. And I know when I was in the room all by myself and pretty much isolating myself was because I just didn't, you know, I was depressed and I just didn't want to be out there or do anything but he was like not talking to me and just being
Kiara: I just thought he was just really depressed or something because he's not working as much as he used to
Kiara: And we're not making as much money as we were before. And it's not like we're super struggling or anything, but
Kiara: You know, I feel like to him that was probably like his guide time because he would hang out with his friend and you know they get to do kind of like manly stuff by like building and stuff, you know, so
Kiara: I just felt like he was probably missing going to work every weekend or every other weekend or however often so he
Kiara: But ever since I kind of like opened up to him. He's been a lot more like he'll come out in the living room like he's basically listened to me and he didn't really like you know you don't like give me attitude or, you know,
Kiara: Like I was afraid to kind of like, bring it up to them because I thought he was going to like attack me or something in some way.
Kiara: But
Kiara: You know, or turn it around me and just be like, all you do this and you do that kind of thing. But he was actually
Kiara: He kind of like listen to like us quiet but he listened and, you know, kind of like explained a little bit of this and that, like, the reason why he's in the room.
Kiara: You know, he usually watches TV shows on the iPad, will the iPad that we have, I guess you can't put like a like headphones into. So you have to like listen to it with no headphones on, unless you probably have like a Bluetooth or something.
Kiara: But he doesn't have a Bluetooth like headset of any sort.
Kiara: So he basically says he just sits in the room so that way he can hear and you know he can watch this TV show, and he can focus on I guess so.
Kiara: But lately. He's been sitting out in the living room with us and we will like watching movies again.
Kiara: Because that was another thing is like we were kind of like watching movies and stuff like that, like a month or two ago and he kind of like stop doing that was just watching TV by himself, kind of thing so
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so he's changed the behavior and he hasn't he didn't attack you over it, which is good.
Kiara: So I felt pretty good. I was just like, I feel like I'm starting to communicate more and explain or like tell him my feelings and like how I'm feeling. Instead of just kind of keeping it in and just assuming everything like I've always done before so
Kiara: And then
Kiara: And then a little bit back to them about being at work. It was last week when my boss was still there at work. I think he was there last week, or it might have been
Kiara: The week before
Kiara: Let's see, oh, we just had
Kiara: No, I think it was on we I was probably like a little over a week ago when we're at work. My boss. He has like all this pain and he has like
Kiara: I don't know exactly what he has. But he has like health issues and he was kind of like walking
Kiara: AROUND AMERICA. Excellent. Anyway, so he was walking and he was you could tell he was in a lot of pain.
Kiara: And one of my co workers. She's like, Hey boss you. Okay. Do you want to Norco and I was like, why don't you just say that out loud, like that. But for some reason, I was just like, really, I guess like bothered by
Kiara: Like almost like jealous. But like
Kiara: And he was, of course, like, No, I'm good. You know type of thing, but just the fact that she was just kind of like offering Norco like they were just candies or something but
Kiara: Yeah. You know the old me would have been like, hey, let me get one of those type of thing, you know, but I didn't say anything. But it did kind of like just make me feel
Kiara: Like weird or upset. I don't even know the right word of it. But you know, I guess I was just bothered by it for probably like, oh, maybe like an hour to and
Kiara: I kind of got over it. I did get over it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I trigger in a craving.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, me.
Kiara: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely, which, you know, and then your mind goes through the whole thing of Well, I wonder how I can ask her, you know, if I can have one and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know your mind goes there and you don't even realize that it's going there.
Kiara: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But again, triggering a craving. It's like you have the trigger. You have the craving or the thoughts you know about it and it will only expand and and grow if you allow it to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that everybody has, you know, cravings at some point or another triggers that, you know, start bringing on the thoughts of wanting you know your drug of choice, but it's about what you do with it.
Kiara: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely identifying the thoughts and saying,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not going to happen today.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is really cool, which is really cool. You didn't give it power. It was really cool that you didn't, you know, try to figure out a way to get that pill from her you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, so you got to give yourself some big kudos for that.
Kiara: You know, it does make me think a little bit different because the way that she is like I feel like when you
Kiara: Like
Kiara: It's kind of like if you you kind of know an addict, even if they don't say anything or like know somebody that might be on something because you've been there done that kind of things.
Kiara: Ever since I started there, the way that she acts like sometimes. She's just like,
Kiara: super happy she's just like, kind of like full of energy. I also noticed that she like like her nose will. It's kind of a lot and i know i to take pills. A lot. My nose my nose. Always. Hmm. I know those always read and
Kiara: Like she, the way that she does. And I'm like, I could just, I feel like I kind of always sensed it I was like she has to be on something, but you know she does it.
Kiara: Like it's like she takes anything around people like when I was at work, like all of my jobs that I've worked at
Kiara: Like, especially when it's at the call center, you're just in a big room with a whole bunch of desks everywhere. And I've just pull it right out of my wallet or out of my purse and just take it in front of everybody, like, Oh, I was just taking Tylenol kind of thing.
Kiara: Yeah, with her. I don't see your ever take it, you know, so
Kiara: I don't. It's like I'm like judging her or assuming type of thing, but I do kind of see some people they're out in the world. Rom. Like I feel like they're on something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rather
Kiara: pain pills or like on crack or something, you know,
Kiara: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. You know, it's almost like we develop this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This radar, you know, he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, an Extra Sensory or something to it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just know you can tell. You can tell by their actions. You can tell by their eyes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if it's math there are their pupils are huge. And, you know, if it's a downer there there are pending.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All these little signs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's like we know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We know I would. I would definitely say that your gut instinct is probably right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, especially since she was so willing to pass one off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, which was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little odd.
Kiara: Yeah, I don't know about you, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was never sharing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's
Kiara: No. Yeah.
Kiara: Waiting for my Brightness up on my phone. So I don't know if it'll show black, but you're kind of getting darker and I just want to make sure I could see. Okay.
Okay.
Kiara: We're ready to go. There we go. Okay, cool. Nice to see you better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect. And what about your dad are things with your dad.
Kiara: It's good his birthday was on April 5 so
Kiara: When I went to the store. The first time I was trying to get stuff for his birthday and just like a, you know, some stuff to make a cake and
Kiara: Usually for Christmas. I was getting underwear. It's kind of like a weird thing I've been doing for a long time, I guess.
Kiara: And then I ALWAYS GET HIM A CARD.
Kiara: Well, one of the Walmart sets down off of what that I go to. When I get off of work they have it like the underwear, like in a lock box. So you have to like ring a bell.
Kiara: Or like a buzzer and have somebody come over and open it and then once they open it, they have to take it to a register and then you have to stand in that line. Well, with this whole pandemic thing. They're like, okay.
Kiara: If you're done shopping. You can go to aisle. Number five, or whenever you're done shopping go to number five. And then you can
Kiara: You know, pay for the underwear. And I was like, I can understand if it was like formula, you know, because I know people that do that or alcohol, maybe, but underwear like really
Kiara: People really must have stolen a lot of underwear there if you know they're locking it up.
So,
Kiara: I was I was done shopping and I went to go up to our number five, and the line was like triple the size of like any other line. I was like, I'm not standing in that line so
Kiara: I just went to go to the self checkout. And, you know, bought the stuff that I had the card and then the cake stuff and you know that was that. And yesterday I stopped by and
Kiara: Was it yesterday or the day before yesterday. I can't remember. But anyways, within the last couple of days. I stopped by and I went to the Walmart that passed my house off of what and got him someone to where that wasn't under lock and key.
Kiara: Yeah, and
Kiara: You know, know that this last Christmas that we had. I didn't give him any underwear, because I didn't know his size. And so I didn't get him some for Christmas. So I got it for his birthday this year. So that's why I got the underwear late and but besides all the underwear talk
Kiara: I, I feel like me, my dad because sometimes whole kind of like, you know, lock himself in the bedroom type of thing and you know he's a stubborn diabetic and
Kiara: He'll like not eat all day and I'll kind of go check on him and he's kind of like, you know, kind of depressed or like movie, and he doesn't
Kiara: He doesn't really talk and you could just tell that there's something in his voice, where he's just, he's just a sad of some sort. You know me like I understand his situation, in a way, and you know, I kind of understand how he's feeling and what he's going through and
Kiara: Especially like with his birthday, he had like the birthday blues or something because normally he's with my step mom at their own house and
Kiara: He was actually over there on the weekend for one of the nights are actually was like you went there for Thursday night and he came, it doesn't matter whatever days it was he was there for like a day or two and
Kiara: I guess they he got paid. And they went to order pizza and
Kiara: They ordered it and then they waited for a really, really long time. And then they called the store back and said, Hey, where's their pizza and they're like, what pizza.
Kiara: And I guess they never took his order or anything like that. And so they were kind of complaining and the way that my step mom is she's you know she's very light.
Kiara: Like she's, she's just too much like she'll call and call and call and at first I was kind of flipping out to
Kiara: This was like, Dad, did you give them your credit card information, what it wasn't even like the pizza place and they stole your money and
Kiara: You know, like I was freaking out with that. He's like, No, no, no, no. I was going to give them cash. I was like okay then just let it go.
Kiara: But with her. She was just going ballistic. It was just like, no, we need our pizza and none of that she act like she paid for it and you know they they stole her money and like the most extreme but she just
Kiara: She's just too much. She's very dramatic and, you know, very opinionated and like
Kiara: She's just way too extreme that's annoying. And so my dad told her she he told her to just calm down, like you know he was over it.
Kiara: And once he talked to me about it. But she was just going on and on. And she's like, I want to speak to the supervisor and this and that and
Kiara: They're like, there's nothing that we can do. Like, I'm sorry, but the order wasn't put in or something just happened. We're sorry but
Kiara: You know you didn't pay for it. So it's not like we owe you any money or free pizza. Like, you don't want to be that type of person, but
Kiara: She just wanted to, I don't know, get a rise out of somebody or something. So my dad confronted her about it said like, you know, calm down. Everything's fine.
Kiara: She just pretty much blew up on him and said, Get the hell out of my house and said, Don't come back here for a while type of thing.
Kiara: And I have my dad's email hooked up to my phone. So any of his emails that come in for all the things that he's been applying for, and all of his important stuff that comes to my phone. Well,
Kiara: The. My dad is still on the lease at the house that my step mom is still at, well, I kept keep it like every single day. I get an email from my dad's account or my dad's email saying that the rent is due
Kiara: And she still hasn't paid the rent over there and I told my dad like when he moved out like you need to get yourself off the lease or do something because
Kiara: You know if you guys, you know, supposedly get kicked out type of thing. It's going to ruin your renters credit and he's trying to apply to get in like low income housing and, you know, trying to get out and I'm like, if you mess it up. It's probably going to affect your with it is
Kiara: That you're, you know, chance of getting into a place and he's just like, Oh man, I don't know.
Kiara: And I'm like, Dad. You've lived so many different apartments and so many different places. Over the years, like how did you not know that. And he's like, I've never, I never missed rent before so I never really knew what the consequences was. And I was like, That's so weird, but
Kiara: I know he probably just forgot or something.
Kiara: I don't know. He's old sometimes he he does kind of he gets very forgetful over something and or I don't want to say dumb about something, but
Kiara: He kind of does, he's just like what I didn't know or something. So I was like, you know, you guys. Oh, both it's in both your guys's names you guys oh it, but I was like, You better not give her any money.
Kiara: Don't give her a split of money and that's another thing that pissed me off is that when he goes over to her house.
Kiara: On these you know the the one or two days that he goes, he cleans the whole house for her because she's a slob. And she he
Kiara: You know, takes care of the yard, like moves it down. Does the weed whacker and pulls the weeds and
Kiara: Does everything for her and she doesn't pay important or she because she used to the ISS thing for her and he was he was her caregiver.
Kiara: So he used to get paid for it, but she was so damn selfish that she'd be like, Well, you could have like a couple hundred dollars and I'll take the rest and it's like my dad's doing all this work for her.
Kiara: Yeah, she used to cook him dinner. But other than that, she didn't really do anything else for him.
Kiara: Right, so, you know, it was just, it just pisses me off that my dad goes over there and he cleans the whole house for her and does the yard and, you know, they're very codependent and will, she's really codependent
Kiara: I think in love wise or relationship wise, my dad's kind of codependent because he kind of needs somebody with him because of his health.
Kiara: And that's why I'm afraid for my data live by himself is because it's like the way that he is. He's very stubborn and, you know, like, I don't know if he could be getting dementia or something but
Kiara: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, very forgetful.
Kiara: Yeah, very forgetful sometimes. And another thing that my dad was telling me is that
Kiara: The beginning of this week. He was like, yeah, I was, I had like a telephone doctor's appointment and I was telling them, is he supposed to get it injection is back, but they postponed it because of the whole coronavirus and
Kiara: He was pretty much asking for, like, not like any stronger medicine or anything, but just something for like an in between. And I have like a boatload of naproxen which is basically like ibuprofen.
Kiara: And I gave him some and he said it was kind of helping but at night time it gets really, really bad for his back, but
Kiara: My dad is also a double amputee for his legs.
Kiara: So he has a lot of like phantom pains and stuff like that. And a lot of nerve.
Kiara: Pain and so he was talking to the doctor that he, you know, gets his pain medicine for them and they bumped him from the 10 milligram of the oxy cotton to 20 milligram and on my dad, you shouldn't be taking that
Kiara: You know, because like
Kiara: I've told them, like when he first told me about it and I was like, Dad, you shouldn't take that, that stuff's bad for you. It's could be really addicting and done other than my dad has always said like I don't take it all the time like that. And I definitely don't abuse it, and stuff but
Kiara: This, the fact that he like kind of told me about it. And I've kind of seen him sometimes when he's kind of like
Kiara: A sentence he won't take the amount that he's supposed to take a less. So when you take the full dose of it. I can tell when he's kind of like on one of course because those instincts, but
Kiara: Wherever he takes the his pill. The 20 milligram one he's like really drowsy and you know he's kind of like loopy and
Kiara: He talks to himself, and it's a little freaky and stuff, but at the same time, it's like
Kiara: You shouldn't be taken so much of that that stuff. It's so bad for you, and you can become very, very dependent on it, especially the higher you go
Kiara: Yeah, and he like understands addiction and stuff. But, you know, he's also a lot of pain, but I don't know I just feel like there has to be some other way, kind of thing so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, it seems like there would be a ticket, like a car ride shotgun is back or something.
Kiara: It will he was talking
Kiara: Yeah, that's what
Kiara: He was trying to do is get the epidural, but
Kiara: Right when he was. He had his appointment, like a couple weeks ago. But at that time they postponed it and said I'm sorry but right now it's not considered a necessity, so
Kiara: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So here, here's a higher dose of an addictive substance that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That can hold you over until we can get you in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the meanwhile, he's building tolerance for it.
Kiara: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and it's going to work less and less and those you know receptors in his brain are going to tell him that is in more pain than what he is. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Kiara: Exactly, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that that whole
Kiara: And vicious cycle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. It is there's gotta be something, something, you know, else that he can be on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, temporarily until he gets his shot, you know,
Kiara: No seems like
Kiara: The doctor that he has because he has like years ago. And when I did have a really bad back pain. I think it was like five years ago or
Kiara: Whatever the number of years ago when I was in a car accident and I had like really bad. I've, like, ever since I was young. I've always had back pain, but it was never as extreme as it was until after I had my car accident.
Kiara: And I mean, it was, it was crippling not really that much, but it was really, really bad. And he, like, at the time I was like asked him, I was like, hey, can I have a couple of work or whatever because
Kiara: Prior to that, I had my wisdom teeth. They gave me pain and he just offered them to me so
Kiara: I've always kind of like asked him, like, Hey, can I get a couple and he just like, Yeah, sure. So when I was in my car accident. He would be like, Oh, do you need some and I'll make sure you give me some and
Kiara: What was I going with that.
Kiara: They want my bag. I like the more that I took them. It was like the worst that my pain. Got it was really
Kiara: Like it's weird because like i mean even like my aunt. She has fibromyalgia really bad. You know, I guess, at the time, she was taking like eight a day prescribed and
Kiara: The doctor that she had basically cutter, you know, halfway down. So now she takes for a day and on Facebook. She's always kind of complaining, like, oh, they took this away and she's not very she doesn't
Kiara: Like I tried to explain to her. I'm like, if you have fibromyalgia and you're taking that it's just going to make it worse. You know, and she's like, and people in the comments are
Kiara: Saying, like, oh, you shouldn't be taking that kind of stuff, because you'll become dependent on it or addicted and she's like, Oh, I've been watching the sides and maybe addicted and you know that it that it uh and
Kiara: For my dad. It's just like over the amount of years.
Kiara: For him, he's just like, you should just go to the doctors and just
Kiara: You know, kind of, say, like, this isn't working for me and you know maybe suggest getting you know something stronger, but I'm like, Dad. I've tried before and
Kiara: They, they tell me I'm too young and they don't want me to be addicted and stuff, but the doctor. These he's had for you know so long.
Kiara: He like they they just pretty much give them what he wants and like if you want something strong like they basically just say here, you want something stronger. Here we we understand you're in a lot of pain.
Kiara: Let's give you what you want or what you need, or what we think you need and you know
Kiara: They just give him what he wants, like they're just
Kiara: Passing out candy.
Kiara: And yeah, it's like so.
Kiara: Ears, and he went from Norco to oxycontin, like I was kind of pissed off, but
Kiara: At the time when he was getting it was like sweet he's getting something stronger because that was what I was taking two is the oxen come
From yeah
Kiara: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any a so he's still in your house.
Kiara: Your does. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so tell me how you have been handling him knowing that there that medication is there.
Kiara: What do you mean, like, because he has it locked in his room in like a safe, so I don't I don't do anything. And he hasn't asked me to put his medicine in his little container thing and my dad's utensil, tell me yes I can. I forgot to take my medicine. And I don't know if it's like
Kiara: A weight. I don't think it's to make me feel bad about not doing as medicine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Kiara: I think he, he, or it could be in a way that I was thinking that he's trying to say, oh, I don't take it that much type of thing, but he does tell me, Oh, I forgot to take this pill. I forgot to take that pill, you know, because it's not like organized for him.
Kiara: Yeah, so because another thing is
Kiara: A while back.
Kiara: And I suggested to him, I was like, you should get like a little organizer and you could put your medicine in it and that that way it'll remind you to take your medicine and then
Kiara: I would do his medicine for him for my step mom couldn't do it for him. So that's whenever you know sometimes when I would put his medicine in his little containers, because he only has a week's worth at a time.
Kiara: And he wouldn't ask me to do it all the time. And even though he put it like he had those things put in there and I was still thinking I was like, how does he not
Kiara: Know that they're like gone, but I do know that he would always kind of give some to my stepmom here and there. So I think he would just think, like, oh, I gave those to Elaine my step mom, you know, even though that they were like put out and you can tell that they're, you know,
Kiara: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So no
Kiara: Much up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No issues then have popped up for you as far as the house. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I don't.
Kiara: Yeah, I don't have like any like cravings or anything like that when he told me about the 20 milligrams. I wasn't really, you know, like I wish I could have some or I wish I had some of the 20s. Whenever I wasn't sober type of thing. Like I would have been
Kiara: Kind of like when I explained, like what I said before is like when he went from the north coast to the oxy cotton, I was kind of like, you know, excited that he got those. So the old me would have been excited that he went from the 10th to the 20th because they're stronger so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Kiara: I don't really like
Kiara: Had, like any dreams about that and
Kiara: Then talking about dreams. The freaky dreams that I have. I think I know how to, like, I still don't know what's causing it, because
Kiara: Ever since this whole week since we've had the meeting about the doctor. I don't have to say her name, but she suggested to kind of like stop, you know, smoking for a couple of hours before going to bed will pretty much after I eat dinner, which is around like six
Kiara: Like that between, like, six and seven. So I'll stop or I'll eat, and then I'll smoke a cigarette, and that's the rest for the night.
Kiara: And they don't usually go to sleep till around 11 sometimes close to 12 and it. I still have these dreams like I don't understand, like,
Kiara: The only thing I could really think of is, I think it's possibly the Suboxone but not just Suboxone itself. I think it's an opiate thing even though since I've been taking opiates the last eight years type of thing. I've never had them up until
Kiara: Like a free or
Kiara: But not because I had these freaky dreams before I even started the Suboxone. So I don't think it's the Suboxone
Kiara: You know, just the Suboxone. I just think it's medication in general type stuff. More specifically, kind of like opiates or controlled substances instead of so but I do know when there and I can kind of pinpoint when they it's going to happen that night is because
Kiara: You know, like if you're kind of like laying down. I don't know if you remember, kind of like live by a street or whatever. But if there's a light that kind of shines in your room with the blinds. It kind of lights up your room a little bit
Kiara: Yeah, so when I'm sleeping because I live like in like a big empty field. I live like in a kind of like a country type area.
Kiara: There's no cars passing us. So there's no flashing lights or anything like that. So at night. I could tell that it. I'm going to have those weird, freaky dreams is because
Kiara: I'll be laying down trying to fall asleep, and then I see like a flashing light as if there's like a car passing and lighting up my room.
Kiara: And like my eyes will shoot open and I'm like, okay, it's not my husband's phone cuz sometimes his phone he'll leave it facing up. If he gets a notification. Obviously, it lights up his phone and it kind of lights up the room just like is it
Kiara: Right that but what I've been doing lately is for the past couple weeks more like a month. I've been flipping his phone upside down.
Kiara: And I checked it before I go to sleep because he usually passes out before I do, says the nights that I can't sleep if his light because it stays on for quite a like 10 to 15 seconds, it stays on for a moment. So
Kiara: When I had this freaky dreams at night. If I see that flash that happens because it ends. It'll happen a few times before I actually fall asleep and I know when I went to have those dreams because I see that flashing light.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm reading about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you feel tired when you have those dreams. When you wake up.
Kiara: And
Kiara: Well, the thing is is that
Kiara: I don't know because it's weird because it's like, I usually fall asleep really fast.
Kiara: When I do have the little dreams and
Kiara: It's like I start to dream right when I fall asleep, and then I wake up and then of course, I'm like, it's like in the middle of the night. So I was already tired to begin with. So
Kiara: And I kind of have like read like really in depth with it. So like I believe exactly what Google says says and stuff. But people say that
Kiara: It could be like exploding head syndrome or exploding heads something and people have described it, where they either feel like they're jerking asleep.
Kiara: Or yeah, or they'll drink themselves awake or they'll hear like a loud bang or they might hear music before they go to bed, or they see a flashing light when they go to bed.
Kiara: So I don't know how true exactly that all is, but I've read like a lot of different stuff even like Reddit stuff like other people's experiences and stuff. And the only thing I could kind of think of what it might be. It's like a
Kiara: Hyper logic hallucinations.
Kiara: Yeah, that's what I was kind of thinking what it could possibly be. And the doctor. She said that hyper hyper pumping, which is more of when you've been sleeping for a while.
Kiara: And then you have those weird dreams before you actually wake up you know in the morning or whenever you wake up kind of thing. So mine is like the opposite, it's more of when I go to sleep.
Kiara: So I know last night the past couple of nights. I've had him last night or the night before. It wasn't nearly as bad. I just felt my body feel numb and they asked night it was more of like I felt my body be really numb and
Kiara: I don't really remember too much of what the dream was exactly, but I do remember me trying to open up my eyes like a few different times like public four or five different times.
Kiara: And I was trying to like get myself out as a stream and it was really, really hard. And finally, I think the thing is that I don't even know if it was real or not because
Kiara: I was kind of sleeping. And I don't know if it was a dream or feels real. It felt pretty real, but I just don't, I can't really say if it was real or not. That's the most freakiest part about it is that it feels so real.
Kiara: And it all happens like in my bedroom. Not like with me. I mean, obviously, with me sleeping in my room. But a lot of these dreams pertain to me being like, stuck in the room.
Kiara: Or stuck in my bed like trying to get out of bed or like my body feels really weak and I also read that it could also be like the
Kiara: Like beginning signs supposedly of
Kiara: What is called people that fall asleep, like in the middle of the day, just like randomly.
Kiara: Yeah, forgot
Kiara: Oh narcolepsy.
Kiara: Yeah, it could be like a side of that too, which, like I kind of think about it, I was like, I wonder why, like all like it's weird because the less amount of sleep, I get the better that I kind of feel during the day.
Kiara: When I
Kiara: When I wake up, but the more sleep that I get, like, I can get, like, seven, eight hours of sleep when I feel so tired, you know, multiple times during the day and I get really, really sleepy. It's only a very short amount of times and I will close my eyes and
Kiara: I kind of feel heavy and like of course my eyes feel really heavy. And then I just kind of want to take a little quick nap so I kind of close my eyes a little bit and but I don't really fall asleep completely, you know, because I'm obviously at work, but
Kiara: Right, sure. People look at me while I'm doing that probably think like she's either really tired or she's on something type of thing, but
Kiara: A nice
Kiara: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get that definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't see. Are you on an antidepressant.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Kiara: No, the only thing I take us and Suboxone. That's it. Okay.
Kiara: If I do know that Dr Nasser put me on and he put me on the treasure and before for the sleeping, and then also the presumption, and the prison was definitely for, like, I guess it's more for like people are like, STD STD PTS
peasy.
Kiara: That but
Kiara: Like PTSD, like people that have, you know, really bad dreams and that Phil very vivid and stuff like that.
Kiara: So he prescribed me that for my dreams and all it did was just make it worse. It just made me feel super tired and obviously going to sleep. So it would put me in that thing even faster and longer and
Kiara: It also, it didn't matter what time I went to bed. I could get like a couple hours of sleep or more hours asleep. I always felt super groggy in the morning for hours.
Kiara: And I already have a bad problem with trying to wake up in the morning and it just made it worse. So I guess medication, is it really
Kiara: Like my route or something that doesn't actually make me tired, you know,
Kiara: And so yeah, my dreams not help me go to sleep because I don't I don't feel like I have
Kiara: That big of an issue. Now we're going to sleep. It's more of. I have issues with my dreams not sleeping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I just found read it, read it already. The it and it's, it's, the question is there you know anyone else start having really intense dreams after starting Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so these people that have commented here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All have experienced reoccurring vivid dreams after starting starting Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'll also, when did you use to smoke weed at all marijuana cannabis. Sorry.
Kiara: It's okay.
Kiara: Yeah, I used to smoke off and on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did you stop that when you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Started your Suboxone
Kiara: Before I started some boxing. It wasn't really smoking weed a whole lot
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I know
Kiara: I'm dying down from the so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, because I know that that when you stop smoking marijuana that that can actually cause really vivid dreams as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But yeah, these people have all so it says
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, all of them were talking about having vivid dreams after they've started Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very vivid
Kiara: I think I'm going to really look at it now, but I feel like that's kind of like my obsession is like dreams and because like I was. I've always been kind of like, oh, this dream must mean this, you know, not like
Kiara: Yeah, literally, but, you know, kind of like, psychologically, you know, like
Kiara: He used to have a lot of dreams of like client where I could just kind of walk and then it literally just kind of like my arms and I could just fly up into the air and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yeah, usually I still have those dreams.
Kiara: But I kind of usually like associate my dreams. When it comes to this to that like I used to kind of have dreams about kind of like drowning, or like being underwater.
Kiara: And yeah, I'm always associated that with being like really stressed out, like, you know, underwater and I can't breathe and you know so I kind of
Kiara: Associated dreams with that and also had dreams where I'm like chugging a lot of water and I can't I just feel super thirsty and I end up waking up in the middle of the night and I'm super, super thirsty or my Ralph is hella dry so I'm like, Okay, I gotta drink water. So always like
Kiara: Looked at dreams like something psychologically is kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going on and on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: stress, anxiety can definitely cause it other mental health conditions can depression, schizophrenia.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see, physical illnesses can cause vivid dreams.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it can also cause you to have super vivid dream.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Kiara: Because she also asked about the Chantix and I told her I was taking that and surprisingly, when I was taking the Chantix I didn't have like any of the dreams like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I really
Kiara: You know, like, yeah. So, and it was in the other weird thing that it was is that I didn't. I thought I was done with all those freaky dreams because I didn't have them for like probably a little over a month, maybe even a little bit longer.
Kiara: And it was just weird that it just popped up like two weeks ago or so.
Kiara: Like, I think it was last week I had three and then this week. I think I've had like three or four, but I'd say more like maybe three and a half because
Kiara: It was like I felt my body feel numb. But I didn't have like any dream that I could remember that associated being like scary or vivid or anything.
Kiara: So I just don't like, I don't know, I just feel like I like I want answers like I want to know, obviously, cuz you know I've always been like that whole like dreams must mean something but
Kiara: Like when I think about. I was like, I don't really feel stressed out. I don't feel like I have a lot of anxiety like
Kiara: Unless it's like I'm not see or I just don't. It's like subconsciously or something that I have these, but like, like I said, SINCE I'VE BEEN SOBER is like this is like the happiest I've been since I was probably like a little kid.
Kiara: You know, growing up like from 10 and on like I've always just been depressed or always had, like, some form of like mental health, you know, depression, anxiety or excessive worrying and I've never felt so like happy before. So, you know, I just
Kiara: It's just like, I'm like, trying to figure out why I'm having those dreams. So
Kiara: I feel like I just want to see like a sleep specialist, but I'm trying to get a lot of, you know, doctors or people's opinions and stuff so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Did you talk to some of the doctors that you work with about it.
Kiara: I don't think so, at least at the doctors i don't know if i told one of one or two of the nurses yet, but I think I'm going to see the only thing is that I always feel kind of
Kiara: Know maybe like intimidated to talk to doctors because I know they're so busy and they're slammed and sometimes I try to talk to them and they're just really
Kiara: I don't want to see me, but they're kind of they're just so busy. They're just like, I don't have time for this. You know, so I just don't want to bother them.
Kiara: But some of the nurses, you know, they seem a little bit more laid back and they don't seem as stressed out. So, some of them will talk to me so I can maybe probably asked one of them, but maybe if they have like any experience with them or with that so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't take melatonin.
Kiara: No, not anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you, Ben, do you watch TV before bed.
Kiara: I don't watch TV, but I am on my phone. That's like the last thing that I'm like, it has to be something to do with my phone because I did read something about that with
Kiara: You know, watching stuff. It can like stimulates the brain or something, you know, it kind of makes your brain. Stay on still, even though you're asleep. So I think that's like my next thing where I'm like, Okay, I need to like maybe read or something for an hour before bed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, something that doesn't have an emotional connection, you don't have an emotional connection to because any component that you have some kind of strong emotional connection to you. According to women's health
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can cause significant dreams vivid dreams.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or if the next one is you recently stopped taking a medication you have sleep apnea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You didn't sleep well the night before.
Kiara: And that would be like. Another thing is me because like I don't get
Kiara: You know, proper amount of sleep. Technically, you know, because you know they say like
Kiara: It's like maybe seven to nine hours of sleep a night. But when I do, sleep, those amounts, even if it's for like a week.
Kiara: I feel so tired in the morning. I'm like, what the hell you're supposed to feel more rested. When you get more sleep. I mean, obviously, if you get too much sleep then with me, at least, you feel even more tired because you like slept too much. Yeah.
Kiara: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know. These are just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, these the sleep Council Council.
Kiara: Cars.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, sleep deprivation can lead to more intense streaming
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alcohol and other substances substances suppressed REM sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you stop using them.
Kiara: Yeah, because that that's another thing is that I remember when I was like heavily taking a lot of those medications.
Kiara: You know, like mostly Norco says that was like my main thing. And there was a lot of times I didn't really remember my dreams, but sometimes I would have vivid dreams where
Kiara: They seemed real, but not as real as this. I thought they were pretty real, but they were as real as this. I mean, in my dreams. Now that I have. I'll
Kiara: I don't know if I explain it to you, but I have like this wooden trim in my room.
Kiara: And in one of my dreams. I was like, Okay, I'm going to touch this wood trim and if I could feel the texture of this that means it's real. And I like got up, you know, like very heavy feeling and
Kiara: I could feel the texture of the this the wood thing that I have on my wall and I was just like, it's so freaking so and then another thing what you said about sleep apnea.
Kiara: Sometimes whenever I do sleep like on my back.
Kiara: And I do like how even though I'm asleep. I could still hear what's going on.
Kiara: And sometimes I can hear myself like like
Kiara: You know, like, kind of
Kiara: Trying to get air. So I think that could also be another thing is maybe kind of like sleep apnea. So I just want to see if I could do some form of like sleep study, but not just do it like a one night thing.
Kiara: Or if I could bring the devices, some sort home with me.
Kiara: As I don't know if that's even like a possibility type of thing, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When's the last time you had your hormones check
Kiara: I mean, I had my thyroid checked. I don't know when I had my estrogen checked. I don't even
Kiara: Really know I know I have. I thought a full you know panel of everything checked. Not too long ago, I think it was like, right, like right before I got sober and then I had another
Kiara: You know, whatever you guys test or what bright heart test. I had some form of blood test and but I don't know if it was my actual hormones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see, this is sleep council.org is what this is that I'm looking at and it you know talks about what are vivid dreams causes vivid dreams treatment of vivid dreams, but on the top, it has sleep advice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Seven Steps to sleep, sleep environment sleep tools there any days we plan sleep diary stress test.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bed not. I don't know what that is. Sleep calculator.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's like sleep matters sleep disorders bedroom matters. Family Matters so the, I mean that this is a you know a website that has a lot of information specifically specifically geared
Around
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sleep, I cannot say that word.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm going to put it in our little chatty thing so that you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why don't I have a trapping there.
Kiara: Oh, that's weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well I just updated this thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I've got this new security thing on the bottom bar but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My chat is gone.
Kiara: Yeah. Doesn't say even when I look at it, it just says meeting settings virtual background raise hand disconnect audio.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really weird. I did have a PC.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, advanced sharing options.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know it's not here. So they took that away and added some kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Security thing when I updated.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is really seriously.org yeah it's called
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give me back to it. Sleep council.org okay
Kiara: I think I remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and it just gives you information, you know, different things to try you know to maybe help with your sleep pattern.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what it gives you. I always, I'm a big I always go in and research and take a look and see what I can find. You know, as far as stuff like that goes, because how else are we going to learn and know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we don't ask people, and we don't researching
And then another little thing.
Kiara: Before we go, is like I feel like whenever I talk about it. Some people like why does it matter. It's just a dream or anything. I feel like it affects it like when I have these freaky dreams. I think about it all day like
Kiara: I feel like it affects my life.
Kiara: And especially like when I wake up like, whenever I had my first one. And it was like really not like first one
Kiara: Well, my first one recently happened, I was up for like a couple of hours, and I was just, I felt really anxious and like overwhelmed and it affects the rest of my day like once I wake up. That's all I think about. And it's like, you know,
Kiara: It's like something like obsess over in a way. Yeah, it just freaks me out. So it's like I just want it to be. I just want it to go away. I don't want it to happen. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One understand it in, you know, it's sleep is about our subconscious. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean subconscious mind and it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I'm definitely not a professional as far as James go but I would if I were you. And if it was me. That was experiencing them. I would certainly want to know, you know, especially if it wasn't a one time thing, but something that continually happens
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Happens like
Kiara: Two to four times a week. So it's like that's like let's say on average is about half of my week every. Well, not every week, but
Kiara: It seems like it comes and goes, the way that it is now like I didn't have one probably a little over a month, then it came back again. So I'm trying to also kind of like pinpoint like
Kiara: What it what's causing it. And then I finally figured out what how I can tell when it's going to come on that night.
Kiara: Is what that flashing light.
Kiara: But other than that, I'm like, trying to figure out, like what's changed. You know, like I'm trying to, you know, what is it called that like self awareness type of stuff, you know, be aware of, like, what's changed in my life and I'm like, trying to think of like, I don't. I just don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it could be. I think it could be about. It could be anything, you know, stopping meds starting meds up being a dose of meds lowering a dose of meds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, stress in your life. There's so much that can be the root cause of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. And so, exploring and evaluating check out that website because it gives you sleep diary that you can, you know, you take 30 days and you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Log it and then take a look at it when you're complete with the 30 days and see, you know, the pattern of it. Maybe there's a pattern of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but really kind of dive into it a little bit and I would be just like you are. I would want to know to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Kiara: Oh, and then also talking about the sleep diary. And when I was having it. I think you're the one that told me you're like yeah, you should just, you know,
Kiara: Have people like asleep dire. Just keep it like right next to your bed and when you wake up just right in it and like I've always kind of thought about that. But, you know, sometimes I wake up and I was like, so tired. I go back to sleep type of thing, but
Kiara: I remember whenever he told that it was like the next time I was at the store. I bought a, you know, like a little cute little book.
Kiara: To write in and then after that it just didn't happen. So I was like okay well I guess I'll just let my kid color in it or something because He always wants paper scribbling
Kiara: And then I started having it. And then a few pages left that I have. I'm like, Okay, I'm going to try to write it down but
Kiara: I just been lazy about it. You know, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, don't forget to that on your phone, you have a little voice memo thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, so you know you can always record taught you know record yourself on the domain so that you could go back in and, you know, listen to them and see if you can catch any common theme or common denominator or you know what I mean. And so you don't have to write
Kiara: Well, that sounds like a good idea because then I can just
Kiara: You know, speak it, and then not have to worry about actually writing the my hamster cramp and you know yeah all the dramas on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I know. And, you know, seems like you know people have a hard time with pen to paper. Well, it's because we're in the electronic age.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And everything is on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Kiara: My
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Phone.
Kiara: I like I think they call it penmanship or whatever it's called, but I like to physically right like I like writing stuff and you know like we have like this little drive through injection drive through type thing that we have and
Kiara: They're like, who's going to do the boards and nobody wanted to write on the board. And I was like, all right, on them, you know,
Kiara: Because I like to write. So I just think it's like a form of art, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it really is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Depending on how good you know your spelling is how good you can write your calligraphy of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know definitely me. I prefer the
Kiara: shaping your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Computer because my writing is bad, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. But yeah, try that try to voice memo it and just keep a little recording of your dreams, so that you can kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: monitor it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Check that website out and see if there's any of the tools on the on the top bar where it says sleep tools and see if there's anything in there that you can utilize to to definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, evaluate that will help you but I, you know, again, I would be exactly where you are. I would want to know why. Yeah, you know,
Kiara: That's what's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's going on in the subconscious mind.
Yeah, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. And then there's always hypnotherapy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know there'll be, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If nothing else, there's always
Kiara: Gonna be
Kiara: My dad was talking about. He's like, You should do acupuncture. They do acupuncture for everything, but
Kiara: Nothing addiction like
Kiara: You know, he said even like dreams to Earl, just like what
Kiara: But I guess I mean if you're into that kind of thing. But I don't know, I feel like it just scares
Kiara: Either scares the pain out of you. Or it creates pain. So you kind of focus in it takes it away or something while you're thinking about it. I don't know how acupuncture works and how it does all that stuff. I know people say about pressure points, but I like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, different pressure points in your body, like you can pretty much map out at the bottom of your feet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, which is connected to everything in your body.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can pretty much map out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Different parts of your body that are messed up and really kind of work on them through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, through the bottom of your feet. I do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understand that concept.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I understand acupuncture works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: By the pressure points of different parts of your body and your brain, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I, you know, me personally, I'm not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: An acupuncture person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I've never, I've never had acupuncture and never tried it. There's something about
Kiara: Putting needles my body.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know, call me weird one. But, you know,
Kiara: I wouldn't know massage
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Same. And then also, like, what the whole foot mapping thing.
Kiara: There's also like, I don't know if you ever heard or seen or whatever. But they also have one that's like for your face to where it's like
Kiara: If you break out with zits and certain parts of your body that means something is, you know, and I used to kind of believe in it because a lot of the times, whenever I would get like I never really had acne.
Kiara: Until I mean I had adult acne and a lot of times I get it, like around my jaw area and supposedly if you get zits there. That means there's something
Kiara: You know, going on with your liver or your kidneys, or something like that. And then if you're stressed usually get it like either here or here.
Kiara: You know, so they usually say it's like the same thing. Kinda like what's your feet.
So,
Kiara: But
Kiara: Exam. It's just kind of interesting, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think it is too. I'm totally me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, well I'm gonna let you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay and so check out the websites on your sleep and you know if you get an opportunity and you'll know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you'll have a perfect chance because the doctors not busy, you're in the same
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Vicinity as him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and you could always present it as, you know, one of the, one of our patients was was talking about sleep, you know, they're having really vivid dreams. You know what could cause
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A general question. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and see if you can't pull some information from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From one of your providers, you know, and see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, they're the biggest source of of information and knowledge, you know, so you don't know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, maybe you'll get one that'll give you the info.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely just another way to go about it without disclosing but
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely being able to get it without him thinking that you're doing anything doing anything personal but yet you're asking these questions, you
Kiara: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm gonna also ask because I work with several different providers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't even think about this, but I can also ask each one of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, each different one because they're all going to have their own perception.
Kiara: Their own knowledge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if I can pick their brains a little bit, maybe I can come up with more info on it too.
Kiara: Okay. Sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so that's what I'll do, too. Okay.
Kiara: Okay. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, so I will see you in group and you have a great week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weekend and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will talk to you in the next couple days. Okay.
Kiara: Alright, sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. All right here. Okay.
Kiara: Bye.